endpoint/v1/person/search.mdx, before:

---
title: "Person Search"
openapi: "POST /v1/enrichment/persons/search"
---

import ReportIssue from "/snippets/report-issue.mdx";

<Info>
  Each search costs **0.10 credits per page** (maximum 20 results per page).
  Perfect for bulk lead generation and talent sourcing.
</Info>
## Overview

Search for profiles in our DataLake using advanced filters. This endpoint allows you to find multiple profiles matching specific criteria from our existing database.

<Note>
  **DataLake Search:** This endpoint searches our existing database with
  historical data. Check the `updateDate` field in each result to see when the
  profile was last refreshed.
</Note>

## 🚀 Need Fresh Data?

The search results include an `updateDate` field showing when each profile was last updated. If the data isn't recent enough for your needs, you can get **live, real-time data** using:

<Card
  title="Person Profile Data"
  icon="user"
  href="/endpoint/v1/person/profile"
>
  Extract fresh profile data directly in real-time from the profile URL.
</Card>

<Tip>
  **Smart Workflow**: Use Person Search to discover candidates, then check the
  `updateDate`. If the data is recent enough (e.g., within last 30 days), use it
  directly. If not, fetch fresh data using Person Profile Data for critical
  contacts.
</Tip>

## Use Cases

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Lead Generation">
    Search for potential clients or partners based on job title and company:
    ```json
    {
      "currentPositionTitle": "CTO",
      "companyName": "Tech"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Target Specific Companies">
    Find employees at a specific company using company ID (slug or ID):
    ```json
    {
      "currentCompanyId": "google",
      "currentPositionTitle": "Software Engineer"
    }
    ```
    Or using ID:
    ```json
    {
      "currentCompanyId": 1441,
      "currentPositionTitle": "Product Manager"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Talent Sourcing">
    Find candidates with specific skills and location:
    ```json
    {
      "headline": "React Developer",
      "locationCity": "New York",
      "locationCountryCode": "US"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Market Research">
    Identify professionals in specific industries:
    ```json
    {
      "currentPositionTitle": "Product Manager",
      "companyName": "Startup"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Network Building">
    Find alumni or people in your network:
    ```json
    {
      "companyName": "Previous Company",
      "locationCity": "Your City"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Filter by Industry">
    Target professionals working in specific industries. Use comma-separated values for multiple industries:
    ```json
    {
      "currentPositionTitle": "Product Manager",
      "companyIndustries": "Accommodation and Food Services,Administration of Justice,Accounting"
    }
    ```
    <Note>
      The complete list of available industries can be found in the Scrapin application.
    </Note>
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

<Note>
  The `updateDate` field indicates when the profile was last refreshed in our
  database. For fresher data, use the [Person Profile
  Data](/endpoint/v1/person/profile) endpoint.
</Note>

## Best Practices

### Efficient Searching

- **Be specific**: Use multiple filters to narrow down results and improve relevance
- **Monitor costs**: Each page costs 0.10 credits (20 results per page). Accessing multiple pages will consume additional credits.
- **Check data freshness**: Always review the `updateDate` field. For time-sensitive use cases, consider refreshing older profiles with live scraping.

### Hybrid Approach: Search + Live Enrichment

Maximize efficiency and accuracy with this workflow:

1. **Search** - Use this endpoint to find relevant profiles {/* at 0.10 credits per page */}
2. **Filter** - Review the `updateDate` to identify which profiles need refreshing
3. **Enrich** - Use [Person Profile Data](/endpoint/v1/person/profile) to get the freshest data for the profiles you need

## Credit Consumption

<CardGroup cols={1}>
  <Card title="Per Page" icon="coins">
    **0.10 credits** per page (maximum 20 results per page)
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

<Tip>
  Cost-effective for finding multiple profiles. Each page costs 0.10 credits
  regardless of the number of results (up to 20). Use pagination wisely to
  manage your credit consumption.
</Tip>

<ReportIssue />

Commit message:

feat: add updateDate parameter and description for Person Search API

endpoint/v1/person/search.mdx, after:

---
title: "Person Search"
openapi: "POST /v1/enrichment/persons/search"
---

import ReportIssue from "/snippets/report-issue.mdx";

<Info>
  Each search costs **0.10 credits per page** (maximum 20 results per page).
  Perfect for bulk lead generation and talent sourcing.
</Info>
## Overview

Search for profiles in our DataLake using advanced filters. This endpoint allows you to find multiple profiles matching specific criteria from our existing database.

<Note>
  **DataLake Search:** This endpoint searches our existing database with
  historical data. Check the `updateDate` field in each result to see when the
  profile was last refreshed.
</Note>

## 🚀 Need Fresh Data?

The search results include an `updateDate` field showing when each profile was last updated. If you can't find profiles recent enough even with the `updateDate` filter, you can get **live, real-time data** using:

<Card
  title="Person Profile Data"
  icon="user"
  href="/endpoint/v1/person/profile"
>
  Extract fresh profile data directly in real-time from the profile URL.
</Card>

<Tip>
  **Smart Workflow**: Use Person Search to discover candidates, then check the
  `updateDate`. If the data is recent enough (e.g., within last 30 days), use it
  directly. If not, fetch fresh data using Person Profile Data for critical
  contacts.
</Tip>

## Use Cases

<AccordionGroup>
  <Accordion title="Lead Generation">
    Search for potential clients or partners based on job title and company:
    ```json
    {
      "currentPositionTitle": "CTO",
      "companyName": "Tech"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Target Specific Companies">
    Find employees at a specific company using company ID (slug or ID):
    ```json
    {
      "currentCompanyId": "google",
      "currentPositionTitle": "Software Engineer"
    }
    ```
    Or using ID:
    ```json
    {
      "currentCompanyId": 1441,
      "currentPositionTitle": "Product Manager"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Talent Sourcing">
    Find candidates with specific skills and location:
    ```json
    {
      "headline": "React Developer",
      "locationCity": "New York",
      "locationCountryCode": "US"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Market Research">
    Identify professionals in specific industries:
    ```json
    {
      "currentPositionTitle": "Product Manager",
      "companyName": "Startup"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Network Building">
    Find alumni or people in your network:
    ```json
    {
      "companyName": "Previous Company",
      "locationCity": "Your City"
    }
    ```
  </Accordion>

  <Accordion title="Filter by Industry">
    Target professionals working in specific industries. Use comma-separated values for multiple industries:
    ```json
    {
      "currentPositionTitle": "Product Manager",
      "companyIndustries": "Accommodation and Food Services,Administration of Justice,Accounting"
    }
    ```
    <Note>
      The complete list of available industries can be found in the Scrapin application.
    </Note>
  </Accordion>
</AccordionGroup>

<Note>
  The `updateDate` field indicates when the profile was last refreshed in our
  database. For fresher data, use the [Person Profile
  Data](/endpoint/v1/person/profile) endpoint.
</Note>

## Best Practices

### Efficient Searching

- **Be specific**: Use multiple filters to narrow down results and improve relevance
- **Monitor costs**: Each page costs 0.10 credits (20 results per page). Accessing multiple pages will consume additional credits.
- **Filter by freshness**: Use the `updateDate` parameter to only retrieve profiles updated within your required time frame (e.g., `"updateDate": "30d"` for last 30 days).

### Hybrid Approach: Search + Live Enrichment

Maximize efficiency and accuracy with this workflow:

1. **Search** - Use this endpoint with the `updateDate` parameter to find relevant profiles with recent data
2. **Review** - Check if the returned profiles meet your freshness requirements
3. **Enrich** - Use [Person Profile Data](/endpoint/v1/person/profile) only for profiles that need even fresher data

## Credit Consumption

<CardGroup cols={1}>
  <Card title="Per Page" icon="coins">
    **0.10 credits** per page (maximum 20 results per page)
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

<Tip>
  Cost-effective for finding multiple profiles. Each page costs 0.10 credits
  regardless of the number of results (up to 20). Use pagination wisely to
  manage your credit consumption.
</Tip>

<ReportIssue />
